how it's up guys footy manager TV here
and today I start my fifa 14 rating
prediction series mostly because i'm
kind of getting a bit bored of the game
that's what it starts like around this
time i usually get a bit bored and
trying to find out some things on fifa
14 or the next game so i decided to go
into like the team management and edit
players that kind of thing and I edited
the attributes to what I believe they
should be I marble or I actually missed
him for whatever reason so his rating
stays the same so I just want to make it
clear I'm not choosing the ratings what
I think the rating should be just two
attributes one example would be Benzema
as you can see is 86 I suppose that's be
correct but yeah like I said I'm not
choosing the ratings like I think are
below should be 79 Pepe should be 85
it's just I change the attributes and
the rating is made up just by the
different attributes so it's not like
I'm actually choosing because I know
people like to complain a lot about the
ratings like what actually the rating is
but actually see I moved Pepe's
aggression up higher 296 I definitely
think that's correct because you know
he's a very aggressive player in real
life and yeah you just edit the
attributes and that makes up the rating
I know like I said I know people like to
make a big yeah make a big thing out of
players rating when the attributes
actually are the key thing to how they
play in the game and also with Sergio
Ramos I made his pace a bit high if you
saw her there to rot yeah to what I
really that deserves I think it should
be he's still 85 overall I definitely
think that's a good overall for him my
cell 0 as well I think I increased his
pace by a little bit I think he was a
bit slower not by too much just by a
little bit and I suppose there's going
to be different arguments to what people
think um yeah because that's just
because obviously in football people
have different opinions about who's
better and what they should be but if
you're just arguing by a few overall
points yeah it doesn't really make a big
difference that attributes is what is
most important because if you see in the
game if you compare like 82 overall
player to another 82 overall player this
good chance one of them is considerably
better than the other one so here's Sami
Khedira obviously if this real madrid
team that i'm doing right now is my
first
rating predictions it was my first one
so yeah there's already been some
updates you know fee for they up there
or EA they're updated every few weeks or
something so and they have changed so
some I didn't change my heaps shabby
Alonso with him I probably just change
the physical attributes just a bit lower
which it probably will happen in the
game anyway I'm in fifa 14 angle do
Maria obviously a good player is 86
overall with the attributes I changed
yeah summer looked at the stats because
obviously I can't watch every single
match being in Australia they I don't
really get much matches of the Liga BBVA
so it's really hard to see so I just see
what I can basically whatever I get to
see from real madrid and also like lot
of highlights on youtube as well so
that's why i tried to research a little
bit and also ronaldo i reduced his
balance because he dived a bit so leave
your suggestions if you think that's
correct about 65 balance and beer
because he always seems to dive on the
ground and he a good attacking position
which i think is good i changed some
skill attributes made a bit higher
finishing should be like 94 because you
know when he gets a chance he's a very
good at finishing shot power as well
long shots that kind of thing you know
he's a very good obviously he's one of
the best players in the world arguably
with lionel messi and actually with the
attackers i decrease their defending
stats a bit to what i think it should be
and also the defenders decrease their
attacking stats so that's probably why
you may notice some lower ratings and
they should be like marcelo and down to
82 i think was 83 but anyway moving on
to mizzou Ozil he's a fantastic player
in real life getting a lot of assists
for real madrid getting couple goals but
you know he doesn't score too much goals
but he's a fantastic passer great
dribbler as well and now he's gone up to
88 overall i definitely think he
deserves that he's just keeps getting
better and better so he definitely
deserves to at least go up by one so but
it's not like I chose 88 like I
explained before it's just the attribute
I chose to him that led up to that and
also Karim Benzema he's a very good
finisher in real life as well and we
chose the 89 finishing obviously there
he's not like fantastic also his paces
well i increased it a little bit because
i don't think he's as slow or yeah and
also the big one iker casillas i
decreased him by a lot because of his
perform
in real life um yeah he wasn't really he
hasn't been doing good in your life and
he's been replaced by a new goalkeeper
Diego Lopez so that definitely I think
that's a bit right I suppose some real
madrid supporters may think yeah i'm not
sure what they'll think but anyway i'll
move on to the next player Raphael
Varane he's a great player as well I put
his sprint speed 271 some of the fenders
are really underrated in their sprint
speed and pace attributes but yeah
that's just my opinion but I think in
real life he can become a very fantastic
defender also Macau Sen um again he used
to be really good but I kind of
decreased he you know he's a very
powerful player but he's kind of in real
life he seems to be losing that power
about him so I kind of almost decrease
every attribute by a little bit apart
from the passing that kind of thing Luka
Modric with the chain i think it was
like 84 he went up by one with my change
which i was surprised cuz i decreased
yeah decreased a lot of things but I
increased a couple of skill attributes
by a little bit so maybe that led to
being at the one point attribute
increase and also he's a big one gonzalo
higuain i increase his finishing 292 I'm
not sure how much when i checked the
stats he seems to get a lot of goals for
games played i think he got like 11
goals in 19 games but don't quote me on
that and ninety-two finishing to me like
he's a really clinical finisher and
probably one of the best finishes in the
world and also his pace was a bit under
aid in my opinion he's a bit fast like
they really underrated his pay so i
increased it by a little bit but I
didn't want to increase it too much
because people might yeah complain about
that but then there's Fabio Coentrao
he's a very good attacking player maybe
he's not as great as defensively
probably as Marcelo but he's probably
better going forward but yeah he's not
bad at tackling you know he's played
numerous positions in his career I play
left wing like around centimeter
defensive mid in previous years so yeah
anyway moving on to Jose kalyan um he's
Pacey but I decreased his pace by a
little bit not too much he hasn't really
done much this season by taking the
stats I think he's only scored one goal
in the league so yeah I decreased some
attributes because yeah he wasn't that
great but he's rating is still 78 so I
was surprised you with that I thought it
was going to go to a bit lower maybe
like 76 or something because yeah he
doesn't have much great attributes
then there's Raul Albiol again he's one
for some reason I missed him I'm not
sure when I was editing yeah maybe when
I was just changing the ratings I missed
him but he stays the same I think his
pace should be more but like I said and
then this car I kind of increased his
physical attributes in the pace ones
just by a little bit just like a couple
yeah a couple points like one or two or
three but I did give his skill
attributes a little bit of a bump which
increased his rating from 83 to 85 yeah
because cook our he used to be so he
still is a super player but um yeah he
just it's it's kind of hard for him now
a real madrid with all these other
attacking players by still think he's a
fantastic player ricardo carvalho
decrease as well so well yeah ricardo
carvalho he's old I getting older so all
these older players they naturally will
decrease and I wouldn't be surprised if
a lot of these ratings are similar but
like I mentioned at the start of the
video I don't care so much for the
ratings I'm also focused on the actual
attributes of the players which I tried
to focus in this video so if someone
likes complain like just say i'll choose
ronaldo someone says ronaldo should be
92 instead of 91 in all honesty that's
not too much different if i increased
maybe his balance up to 70 that might
have made his year made his rating go up
to 92 so there's not much of a bigger
difference between like a what so i find
it funny on the forms and people
complain about 1 overall point or two so
yeah that's just my opinion hopefully
enjoy this video leave suggestions for
other teams and i'll see you guys next
time